Fix up stupid docs (#1)
nbuilding/N-lang-docs: docs/features/variables.md

assert value aModule.a == "aaaaaa"
```

Learn more about exporting values at [Importing .n
files](./importing_n_files.md).

## Other ways of creating variables

`let` statements aren't the only way variables can be defined.

Function arguments can also store the argument values given to the function by a
function call. [Definite patterns](./destructuring.md) can also be used in
function arguments. Notably, however, type annotations are required for function
arguments.

For example, in the following example, `name` and `age` are usable like
variables inside the `displayPerson` function.

```js
let displayPerson = [(name, age): (str, int)] -> str {
  return name + ", a " + intInBase10(age) + "-year-old neckbeard"
}

assert value displayPerson(("Billy", 36)) == "Billy, a 36-year-old neckbeard"
```

Variables are also created by conditional patterns in [`if let`](./if_statements.md#if-let) statements and expressions. In the following
example, `text` is usable like a variable containing a string.

```js
if let <yes text> = yes("hello") {
  assert value text == "hello"
}
```

## `var` statements

N has a `var` statement to change the values of variables. However, its

> behaviour is not defined, so its use is strongly discouraged. Its syntax only
> remains in N to maintain backwards compatibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
behavior is not defined, so its use is strongly discouraged. Its syntax only
remains in N to maintain backward compatibility.
```
